all right here we are my friend James
and exhaust yep and this is one of these
pits a grave anchor that beat a dragon
right yeah speed of Dragon cool nice now
we're looking for your little your
little sugar glider cookie and this is
James little sugar glider names cookie
and this guy is the big sugar glider
does easy he or she would say hey when
we first wooden I told us it was a shade
yeah but he had a sex-change in there
whoa he can you stretch that that um
peace with associative but will a little
the wing membrane that forms the wing
the sugar glider he's just waking up
yeah
his eyes are still adjusting to the
light to get aggro oh really
jump off well when he hangs stretch yeah
yeah yeah actually I'm falls out to
about you know yep when you once two
types of manufacturers Eric have a hole
down
awesome